-Cynthia.
-[Jerry] Oh, my God, no.
-I told you.
-Hold on.
Will you please
not marry me?
I choose Veronica.
-What?
-Yes!
-Called it.
-Why would he choose Veronica?
-Because he loves her.
-Well, if it's any consolation, Summer,
none of it mattered
and the entire show was stupid.
Okay, I've got an idea, Rick.
You show us your concept of good TV
and we'll crap all over that.
I thought you'd never ask.
Hey!
Oh, cool,
is that crystallized xanthanite?
It conducts electrons across dimensions.
Twenty percent accurate as usual, Morty.
The important thing being, I just upgraded
our cable package with programming
from every conceivable reality.
Wait, does that mean
we get Showtime Extreme?
How about Showtime Extreme
in a world where man evolved from corn?
We're not so different.
We're both corn of action.
Yeah, but one of us is dead corn.
-[Summer] Boring.
-Summer, you just spent
[burps] three months watching
a man choose a fake wife.
So, what, it'd be better
if the people were corn?
[Rick] You don't get it.
This is infinite TV
from infinite universes. Look.
This shit is delicious.
[Rick] A movie about a guy eating shit.
[screams]
A violent antiques show.
-[laughs] It's a pleasure to have you.
-The pleasure's all mine.
[Rick] Letterman from a timeline
where Jerry's famous.
-[Jerry] Wait.
-[Beth] What in the hell?
[Rick] I agree, where is this going?
No!
The other thing! Go back!
[Rick] Really? Alright.
Glen, this is a court order.
It says you can't eat shit anymore.
[dramatic music]
Alright, Jerry, when you're right,
you're right. Now I'm hooked.
[Rick and Morty main theme]
[TV] Coming up next on Shmloo's
the Shmloss, Shmlony has a nightmare!
Shmlantha!
Shmlona!
Amazing. A dimension where
all proper nouns begin with "Shml".
Shmlangela?
Shmlonathan?
Alright, that actually got old
pretty quick.
Rick, will you please go back to me
on David Letterman?
[Rick] Infinity's a big number, Jerry.
I don't remember the channel.
-[Beth] Go back, go back!
-[Rick] Jeez.
You speak "da tru tru".
Oh, my god.
Dad's in Cloud Atlas!
I'm in Cloud Atlas!
What's Cloud Atlas?
Sometime small "Tru Tru diff'rent
dan da big tru tru".
How is this possible?
Infinite timelines,
infinite possibilities,
including a timeline where Jerry's
a movie star.
Look, you guys are getting excited
about the wrong aspect of this device.
Look at this.
And now, another quick mystery.
I just want to know who could've done
something like this, it's a travesty.
I did, you see this knife and all
the blood on it? Here's my finger prints.
Guilty.
I sentence you to life in prison.
Here's another quick mystery.
-My mother's dead!
-And I killed her.
Here's the weapon and cuff me,
thank you very much.
Guilty.
Sentenced to murder.
-Here's another.
-I'm the killer! [gunshot]
Oh, wow. That one was really quick,
wasn't it?
Now who wants to watch random,
crazy TV shows from different dimensions
and then who wants to narcissistically
obsess about their alternate selves?
-The narcissistic option.
-I want to obsess about myself.
Here. These scan your retinas
and let you view parallel timelines
through genetically matching
versions of your eyes. Go fetch.
-[Summer] This is so cool!
-[Beth] Yes! Ladies first!
-I'm proud of you, Morty.
-I don't give a crap about myself, Rick.
Let's watch some crazy stuff, yo.
I'm Ants In My Eyes Johnson here at
Ants In My Eyes Johnson's Electronics!
I mean there's so many ants in my eyes
and there's so many TV's!
Microwaves! Radios!
I'm not 100% sure what we have here
in stock because I can't see anything!
Our prices, I hope, aren't too low!
Check out this refrigerator!
Only 200 dollars!
What about this microwave?
Only 100 dollars! That's fair!
I'm Ants in my Eyes Johnson!
Everything's black! I can't see a thing,
and also I can't feel anything either,
did I mention that?
But that's not as catchy
as having ants in your eyes,
so that always goes,
you know, off by the wayside.
I can't feel, it's a very rare disease,
all my nerves, they don't allow
for the sensation of touch.
[TV] So I never know what's going on,
am I standing, sitting? I don't know.
Are we sure we want to do this?
Look at our own alternate lives?
You're right, maybe we should just
play Yahtzee. Give me those!
-[Beth] What do you see?
-Whiteness.
[Jerry] Pure whiteness.
You're my best friend, Jerry Smith.
I love doing cocaine with you.
Whoa! I love doing cocaine
with you too, Johnny Depp!
Haven't we spent enough time on you?
[Beth] I'm performing surgery,
but not on a horse, on a human.
That's great, Beth. You always
wanted to be a real surgeon.
I am a real surgeon.
-Summer's turn!
-Finally.
I don't see anything.
Well, you should select
a different timeline,
I mean, if your father and I
achieved our dreams,
there's a chance you weren't even born.
That came out wrong,
that came out very wrong.
Fine, I'll find a world
where you bothered to have me.
[electronic beeps]
We're playing Yahtzee.
Yahtzee's fun.
We love Yahtzee.
It's a fun game for fun families. Could I
get those goggles back for a second?
[TV] It's a 45 horsepower
with anti-lock brakes,
and it's the official car
of Mr. Sneezy 3-D.
It's the brand new Sneezy XL.
The horn when you honk it
makes a sneeze noise.
[sneeze noise]
It's polite, it's right, and it's
sneezy, deezy Mc Deluxe.
I'm Mr. Sneezy.
[sneezes]
Seems like TV from other dimensions
has a somewhat looser feel to it.
Yeah, it's got
an almost improvisational tone.
[TV] It's in theaters now.
Coming this summer.
Two brothers in a van.
And then a meteor hit.
And they ran as fast as they could.
From giant cat monsters.
And then a giant tornado came.
And that's when things got knocked
into twelfth gear.
A Mexican armada shows up
with weapons made from tomatoes.
And you better bet your bottom dollar
that these two brothers
know how to handle business.
In: Alien Invasion Tomato Monster
Mexican Armada Brothers
Who Are Just Regular Brothers Running
In A Van From An Asteroid
And All Sorts Of Things The Movie.
Hold on, there's more.
Old women are coming,
and they're also in the movie,
and they're going to come
and cross attack these two brothers.
But let's get back to the brothers
because they have a strong bond.
You don't want to know about it here.
But I'll tell you one thing, the moon,
it comes crashing into Earth.
And what do you do then?
It's two brothers and...
they're going to...
it's called Two Brothers.
Two Brothers.
It's just called Two Brothers.
Holy crap, I am winning a Nobel Prize!
Come on, time's up.
I'm taming a lion.
No, wait, there are film cameras.
I might be a lion tamer in a movie.
You get the idea, I work with lions.
[electronic beeps]
We're not playing Yahtzee!
We're playing Chutes and Ladders.
Seems like when I exist, life gets
a little more, I don't know, predictable?
When two people create a life together,
they set aside
their previous lives as individuals.
Give me a break, we're not heroes
for having unprotected sex on prom night.
I get it, now that you know
you could've had it better,
you resent me for holding you back.
Well now that we know you think
the tables are turning,
we know you thought
there were unturned tables.
What are you talking about?
All this time you've been thinking:
"What if that loser Jerry
hadn't talked me out of the abortion?"
Well now you know.
You'd be a doctor. Whoopdee doo.
You'd also be drinking wine alone
in a house full of exotic birds
and I'd be on DiCaprio's yacht
banging Kristen Stewart!
You thought about getting an abortion?
Everyone thinks about it.
Obviously, I'm the version of me
that didn't do it,
-so you're welcome.
-Yeah, you're welcome.
Yeah, thank you guys so much!
It's a real treat to be raised by parents
that force themselves to be together
instead of being happy!
Hey, do we have any wafer cookies?
Looks like you guys
have been checking out alternate lives
and realizing
you don't have it as good, huh?
That's too bad. You know,
me and Morty are having a blast,
we just discovered a show
called Ball Fondlers.
I mean,
I don't want to rub it in or anything,
but you guys clearly
backed the wrong conceptual horse.
[hard rock music]
-I'm in heaven right now.
-This might be the best day of my life.
So now what do we do?
That show Ball Fondlers
sounded kind of interesting.
-Dad!
-What? They're having fun in there.
What do you guys want from me?
Every family on this block has to wonder
if they're together by choice.
Our family has interdimensional goggles
to show us for a fact that we're not.
-Well, I'm leaving.
-You can't leave, you're 17.
Yeah, and I'm not pregnant.
I'm gonna have better judgment
than you guys had at my age.
I'm gonna move to the southwest
and I don't know,
do something with turquoise.
[TV] It's Saturday Night Live!
Starring: a piece of toast,
two guys with handlebar mustaches,
a man painted silver
who makes robot noises,
Gar Ma Nar Nar,
three... I'll get back to that one,
a hole in the wall
where the men can see it all,
and returning
for his twenty-fifth consecutive year:
Bobby Moynihan.
Interesting fun fact, Moynihan
and piece of toast hate each other.
Apparently they've got
some real creative differences.
Hey, are you tired of real doors
cluttering up your house
where you open them
and you actually go somewhere
and you go into another room?
Get on down
to Real Fake Doors, that's us!
Fill a whole room up with them.
See, watch, check this out.
Won't open.
Not this one. Not this one.
None of them open!
Fakedoors.com is our website
so check it out for a lot of
really great deals on fake doors!
Wait a minute, Rick. I thought
this was a commercial, what's going on?
Relax, Morty. Don't worry about it,
let's just see where this goes.
Step on it!
We all got places to be! [horn]
Son of a bitch.
See, that must be where he lives.
Okay.
[Rick] Ha! He's making himself
a sandwich now.
Hey, everybody!
So this is my house. Just made
a sandwich. Peanut butter and jelly.
Still here.
Still selling fake doors.
-[Morty] What?
-It's still the commercial!
We have fake doors
like you wouldn't believe.
What are you worried about?
Come get fake doors.
Call us up
and order some fake doors today.
Don't even hesitate.
Don't even worry.
-Alright I'm bored. Change it.
-Wait, hold on.
Don't give it a second thought.
That's our slogan.
See it on the bottom of the screen
below our name.
Here's another slogan,
right below that one.
What are you worried about?
Come get fake doors! Get in here quick.
Get out quicker
with an arm of fake
doors in your arms!
-Okay you can change it.
-And don't even worry about it!
[TV] I hate mamumanumsdays
and I really could go
for some enchiladas.
[Morty] Rick, that's pretty cool.
It's just like Garfield, only instead
it's Gazorpazorpfield.
Hey, isn't Gazorpazorp
where those sex robots came from?
Remember that whole thing?
Yeah. Hey, that's a pretty...
That's true. That's right.
Yeah. Let's watch
some more Gazorpazorpfield.
Hey, John, it's me, Gazorpazorpfield.
Boy. [censor beep] you, John.
You [censor beep] dumb, stupid.
Come on, Gazorpazorpfield.
Go easy on me, huh?
You dumb, stupid, weak, pathetic.
White. White... guilt.
White guilt.
Milquetoast, piece of human garbage.
Jeez, Gazorpazorpfield,
that's, you know.
You are pretty mean to me,
but that takes the cake.
I don't give a [censor beep].
I'm Gazorpazorpfield, bitch.
Now give me
my [censor beep] enchiladas.
Hey, Rick, you know.
Did they use Bill Murray for this?
Sounds a lot like Bill Murray.
No, Morty it's Lorenzo Music.
In this reality he's still alive.
-Okay. Was his name Lorenzo Music?
-Yeah, I'm pretty sure.
He also did the voice
of that one guy from Ghostbusters,
which is really strange because
it's the same character Bill Murray
played in the movie,
but then when they made the movie,
Bill Murray did the voice
of Gazorpazorp... Garfield I mean.
Yeah, that's pretty cool, Rick.
So all that happened in this reality too?
I don't know.
Just making conversation with you, Morty.
What do you think, I know
everything about everything?
Did you really
talk me out of the abortion?
Well, we blew a tire
on the way to the clinic.
I think in my head,
I was doing it all for the kids.
And now the first kid is going
to "do something with turquoise."
Which is either code
for crystal meth or a gateway to it.
So we didn't do the kids any favors.
So we should stay together
for each other and ourselves or...
Or?
[TV] Man. Woman.
And now Trunkman?
We know science
has created men that have a trunk
that allows them to have sex
with both male and female partners.
But we don't like the idea
of these people getting married.
Put a line in the sand, everybody.
Vote no on proposition XW2.
The act that says gay... Trunk People
can get married. Who needs it?
Not on my watch!
Paid for by Michael Dennies
and the Denny Singers.
Hi, I'm a Trunk Person
and I feel love
in my heart too, just like you.
I want to be able to express that love
with both a man and a woman.
And I won't be able to if Denny
and the Denny Singers get their way.
Let the Trunk People
have sex and get married, huh!
Paid for by Trunk People.
[Irish accent]
Oh, I love me Strawberry Sniggles.
Oh, I hope nobody ever gets
my hands on me
and tries to steal
my Strawberry Smiggles.
I'm gonna eat every last one of them
and then they'll be in my stomach and
nobody will ever be able to eat them!
Except for me, because
they're gonna be all inside my stomach.
My name is Mr. Tophat Jones
and God forbid anyone ever take
my shmakys-little-people-snibbles.
I'm keeping them all for me.
Last bite.
Now they're all
resting comfortably in my stomach.
Oh, am I feeling good.
No! Get away from me!
Get away from me.
Those are my scrumptious
Strawberry Snibbles! No!
Jesus Christ!
Jesus Christ! It hurts!
My entrails are out! Why would you
even want to eat these?
They are soaked with my stomach acid!
Ah, Jesus Christ, Lord, Savior
and Spirit! Save me!
Take me to the Light!
Oh, my God! I see demons!
I see demons are coming!
Jeez, Rick. Oh, my God!
That's some pretty hardcore stuff
for a cereal commercial.
Well, you know, Morty.
I mean, you wanna sell boxes of cereal,
you gotta pump the gas a little.
Pedal to the metal, Morty.
[TV] In a world where Muscular Mannies
are comin' and they're comin' strong.
There's only
three unmuscular Michaels.
Get down.
Hurry. Run.
[monkey sounds]
[TV] And that's when
real Turbulent Juice
is comin' and you gotta take care of it.
With Turbulent Juice,
turbulent tables,
no room is safe from the turbulent power
of Turbulent Juice.
-What in the hell?
-Sex sells Morty.
Sex sells what? Was that a movie?
Or, like, does it clean stuff?
Hey, dad.
What's going on?
Well, your mother and I are going
to be spending some time apart, Morty.
And your sister found out
she was an unwanted pregnancy.
-What?
-Speaking of [burps] what, Morty.
[burps] What should we [burps] watch next?
What about this?
Baby Legs, you're a good detective.
But not good enough,
because of your baby legs. So
I'm partnering you up with Regular Legs.
-Hey there.
-[high-pitched] This is upsetting to me.
because I feel like I don't need
no regular legged partner.
Baby Legs, don't talk back to me.
Good luck, there's a criminal to kill.
-Wow, you sure found this guy quick.
-Yeah, because I'm a good detective.
Look, Baby Legs, it's the criminal!
I'm the killer,
I'm runnin', I'm runnin' real quick.
Baby Legs, here we go!
Brrr-rrrrr.
That's the sound I make
when I'm trying to run fast.
Alright, I'm not gonna get him,
I just learned a real valuable lesson.
I'm coming, Baby Legs!
I'm Regular Legs!
-We got him.
-That was good teamwork.
Baby Legs and Regular Legs,
I'm proud of you two for working together.
And, Baby Legs, I know it was hard
for you to come to the conclusion
that you need a partner,
-but I'm proud of you that you did it.
-Thanks, Chief.
Now get outta here!
-Pretty cool, huh, Morty?
-I thought it was cool.
I don't give a [censor beep]
what you think, Jerry.
Hey, you doing okay?
-I kinda know how you feel, Summer.
-No, you don't.
You're the little brother, you're not
the cause of your parents' misery,
you're just a symptom of it.
Can I show you something?
Morty, no offense,
but a drawing of me you made
when you were 8 isn't gonna make me
feel like less of an accident.
That out there?
That's my grave.
Wait. What?
On one of our adventures, Rick and I
basically destroyed the whole world.
So we bailed on that reality,
and we came to this one,
because in this one,
the world wasn't destroyed,
and in this one, we were dead.
So we came here and we buried ourselves
and we took their place.
And every morning, Summer,
I eat breakfast 20 yards away
from my own rotting corpse.
So you're not my brother?
I'm better than your brother.
I'm a version of your brother
you can trust when he says don't run.
Nobody exists on purpose.
Nobody belongs anywhere.
Everybody's going to die.
Come watch TV.
[TV] Mrs. Sullivan always planned
to leave everything to her cats.
But sometimes
plans need a helping paw.
What are the kitties to do
but buckle together and work as a team?
Mrs. Sullivan, please forgive me
for being forward,
but your eyes are so beautiful.
Wait this is an actual movie?
[TV] This Fall, sparks will fly.
[groans of pleasure]
[insurance salesman] Mrs. Sullivan.
[TV] Between one guy
who can't get a break.
There's something about you,
Mrs. Sullivan.
[TV] And nine cats
who break all the rules.
Last Will and Testimeow:
Weekend at Dead Cat Lady's House Two.
Well somebody in Hollywood
just lost their job.
[TV] Written and directed
by Jerry Smith.
I wrote and directed that?
What am I, nuts?
Hey, Morty, you just missed
a preview for your dad's Citizen Kane.
Doesn't matter.
Hey, if your mother and I had to split
custody, who would you guys choose?
Doesn't matter.
[TV] Breaking news. Academy Award
winning actor Jerry Smith
is leading police on a slow speed pursuit
after suffering an apparent breakdown.
-Don't even think about it.
-Come on, are you kidding me, Jerry?
It's just a bunch of dumb tabloid crap.
It's my life and we're watching it.
[slurs] You did it, Beth.
You really nailed it.
[burps] You're a surgeon.
A human surgeon.
Yay, you win.
Where the hell am I going?
[burps] What are you asking me for, Jerry?
I'm sitting here trying to figure out
why the cops don't just take you out,
[burps] they got a clear shot
to your head.
I can't believe
our tax dollars pay for this.
[doorbell]
[alternate Beth] Jerry?
Jerry Smith?
Beth Sanchez, I have been in love
with you since high school.
I hate acting, I hate cocaine,
I hate Kristen Stewart.
I wish you hadn't gotten that abortion
and I've never stopped thinking
about what might have been.
[romantic music]
Hey, Ball Fondlers? Huh?
Ball Fondlers?
-I could go for some Ball Fondlers.
-Yes, Ball Fondlers.
[hard rock music]
[Rick and Morty main theme]
Hamster in butt world weather is done
and now it's sports time comin' up.
-Oh, hello there!
-Good day to you, miss.
So, the hamsters live
inside the rectums of those people?
-Yeah, sweetie, that's where they live.
-Well, how does that work?
I mean, do the butts look like
little apartments inside?
Yeah, and can they leave the butt
and walk around on their own?
Look, I don't know. I'm watching
the same thing you guys are.
Grandpa Rick, if they leave
the butt and the person wanders off,
how would they find
their butt person again?
I don't know, Summer!
I can't even hear the TV!
Alright, that's it.
We're just going to go there
so you idiots can ask
your stupid questions all day.
Oh, family vacation!